COMPANY Profile 

J.K. FILLPACK ENGINEERS PVT. LTD., (FILLPACK) is an Engineering Company formed in the year 2000, mainly dealing with Filling & Packaging Machinery and Equipments, formed by highly Professional & Experienced Engineers. 

The Promoter of FILLPACK, Mr. Jugal K. Goyanka, has vast Professional Experience, particularly in the field of Filling & Packaging Industry. Heading renowned manufacturers like M/s Mather + Platt India Ltd, Dynatron Pvt Ltd, Larsen & Toubro, KHS Machinery of Germany, etc.

Because of highly professional techno-commercial skills, under his leadership & initiative FILLPACK has supplied and commissioned many Filling & Packaging Lines not only in India but Overseas especially in Lube Oil, Edible Oil & Food Processing Industries.

FILLPACK is associated with renowned Foreign and Indian Companies specialized in Filling & Packaging Line Machinery manufacturing and assist them in selection of appropriate Machinery & Equipment to suit customer's exact requirement, provide after sales service, Stock essential spares and provide such other services with ultimate aim being customer satisfaction.

FILLPACK represents CFT S.r.l OF ITALY and CMI Spa of Italy  who are World renowned manufacturers of various filling & packaging machines for different applications, thus catering to the exacting requirements of customers in the field of Lube Oil, Petrochemicals, Edible Oil, Food Processing, Beverages, Water, Cosmetics, Paints & Allied Industries.

FILLPACK, with their own initiative & keeping customer’s exacting requirement in mind, developed many Filling & Packaging machinery and executed Turnkey Projects in association with renowned manufacturing in India. 
  
FILLPACK presently has a dedicated and well experienced strong team of 15 (Fifteen) Engineers who are trained to undertake complete Installation & commissioning and provide after Sales Services to the Customers, mainly to perform their task without much dependence on FILLPACK’s principles/ suppliers of machinery, to avoid total dependence on the suppliers machines to enable FILLPACK to render prompt after Sales Service and undertake AMC.

FILLPACK incorporate end to end incorporation of machinery development including designing, inspection and final trial of machine before it is dispatch to the               customer. We not only manufacture Machineries, but also based our vast experience & knowledge, we provides all necessary inputs keeping customer’s requirement in mind for execution of complete line on turnkey basis. 


